= Welcome to Jobs Application

Jobs is a Job advertising application that gives employers an easy, realiable and fast way to find staff.

Written using Ruby on Rails it incoporates and modifys various Gem sets (Devise, Mocha), uses poloymorphic techniques and was written using a Agile TTD appoarach.

= Some of the coding features

1. We used a based class User which can take two forms, Employer and Applicant, we used poloymorphic assication to accomplish this becuase the attributes of the two  classes classes have quite different attibutes.

= Coding challeges and how we overcame them

== Problem - Devise and Poloymorphism

* Using the Devise registarion create action to create either a Employer or a Applicant using poloymorphism assoication.

== Solutions

* We create our own custom controller which inherited from Devise::RegistrationsController.
* In the create methid we called on super to deal with the Devise authantication features.
* We called a after_sign_in_path Devise helper method and passed it the resource method which returned the authoriased object.
* We customised the after_sign_in_path method to create an Employer or Applicant based on the role_type


A reliable and fast way to find staff, jobs site.
Polymorphic association (PA) to sign in users as a Applicant or Employer. Inheritance to allow Devise to use it's sign method and then complete the sign in using our own PA method in a single Users controller. I also bound both sign in's into a transaction method. Mocking to create tests that checked whether Users could sign in using the combination of Devise sign and my own PA method implementation.

